Add multi-env section (#496)
unionai/unionai-docs: content/user-guide/task-configuration/multiple-environments.md

---
title: Multiple environments
weight: 7
variants: +flyte +serverless +byoc +selfmanaged
---

# Multiple environments

Flyte allows you to define multiple task environments within a single project, enabling you to organize tasks with different requirements and configurations.

> The `depends_on` parameter in `TaskEnvironment` can be used to provide deployment hints by establishing a relationship between one `TaskEnvironment` and another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `depends_on` parameter in `TaskEnvironment` can be used to provide deployment-time dependencies by establishing a relationship between one `TaskEnvironment` and another.
```

## Core concepts

### TaskEnvironment independence

`TaskEnvironment`s are functionally independent.

> The `depends_on` parameter is a **deployment hint only**, not a runtime dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `depends_on` parameter is a **deployment-time dependency only**, not a runtime dependency.
```
